life is short I love you love
is forever will you marry me
Gracie grew up to become a full-blown
hottie I'm talking about my little girl
all right but you never know what the
future holds until it hits a meteor
shower
this new one you're tracking how big
it's what we call a global killer
nothing was survived even bacteria the
United States government just asked us
to save the world anybody want to say no
I think we'll get hazard pay at us
they'll do it they've made if you
request them such as Oscar here's got
some outstanding parking tickets
max would like you to bring back 8-track
tapes not sure if that's gonna work yeah
one more thing none of them wanna pay
taxes again
ever United States astronaut strange for
years you have 12 days you stick that in
me I'm gonna stab you in the heart with
it on July 1st tell me you've never let
him bow down before never quit yet how's
that Earth's darkest day a feeling
considering I've never been this scared
in my entire life
we'll be man's finest hour
I'm marrying you Betsy
Bruce Willis
Billy Bob Thornton
they've Tyler
than Aflac
[Music]
steve buscemi all the time in the world
we have 18 minutes to zero barrier use
all they've got no gonna die right I'm
like I gets to do a save in the world
[Music]
a Jerry Bruckheimer production directed
by Michael
[Music]